Update Quorum documentation (#316)
trufflesuite/trufflesuite.com: src/docs/truffle/getting-started/working-with-quorum.md

---
title: Truffle | Working With Quorum
layout: docs.hbs
---
# Working With Quorum
Truffle supports development with Quorum, a version of Ethereum that adds new features on top of what Ethereum already provides. Specifically, **Quorum adds the ability to create private blockchains between select participants, and more importantly adds transaction privacy on top of normal Ethereum transactions.**

> It is highly recommended that you read our [tutorial on building a dapp on Quorum](/tutorials/building-dapps-for-quorum-private-enterprise-blockchains) as it goes into more details on working with Quorum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended you read our [tutorial on building a dapp on Quorum](/tutorials/building-dapps-for-quorum-private-enterprise-blockchains) as it goes into more details on working with Quorum.
```

I know, nit-picky.

Reviewer: Idea:

```suggestion
It is highly recommended you read our [tutorial on building a dapp on Quorum](/tutorials/building-dapps-for-quorum-private-enterprise-blockchains) before using Truffle with Quorum.
```

Both the tutorial and this page have been updated for *at least* version `5.0.9` of `truffle`.

## Known Issues
- Quorum support was completely broken in version `5.0.0`, and basic support was restored in `5.0.9`. Make sure you atleast have `5.0.9`
- The privacy support (via `privateFor`) is still broken in version `5` of Truffle. You must use version `4` (`npm i -g truffle@v4`).

## Configuration
To use Quorum, you must modify your network in `truffle-config.js` to include a parameter `type` set to `"quorum"`. See the example below.

```javascript
module.exports = {
  networks: {
    development: {
      host: "127.0.0.1",

>       port: 8545,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      port: 22000,
```

Not sure if we should specify that specific port (it's the port for node1 used in quorum examples), or if we should tack on some kind of comment like: `port: 8545 // replace w/ quorum node port you wish to connect to`
